 Hi, Dvon and in today's session we are going to address Generative AI, Agentic AI and AI Agents. These three are very popular and related terms in the field of AI and by the end of today's session we are going to clearly understand the differences between them. So let's start by understanding what exactly is AI. Artificial intelligence, if we talk about In short, we basically talk about systems that typically perform Those tasks that require some human level intelligence. Just say, we are talking about the face recognition in iPhones. So, to recognize the faces, we need human level intelligence But this is the same thing that we do for ourselves. We do our systems. So, we say that we are AI or AI based systems. And this system is very important to us. If we talk about speech translation, if we talk about Netflix recommendations or YouTube content suggestions. All of these are practical examples of AI around us. Now, AI is specialized in the branch of AI which is called Generative AI or Genie AI for short. And Genie AI is probably one of the simplest things to understand in the field of AI. Genie AI is that type of AI which is used to generate some content. And this content generate, we can do any type of content. It could be text, images, audio, videos, even code. And we will see a lot of such genie AI based tools. If we have been on charge, we have asked it a question. Or if we have asked it to write an email reply for us. Or if we have written a program from the cloud, then we have all used genie AI based tools. Generative AI tools, when we talk about some Q&A based chatbots. We have asked questions, questions about query and we reply them. And that reply is basically some generated content that we have shown. And we give it a proper answer like our genie tool. Now, in the genie AI, this content generate is the work of us. This is our LLIMS which are large language models. LLIMS are basically the brain behind the operation. And we talk about genie AI tools. Or we talk about the agent AI tools. And all of these brain work together, they are our LLIMS. Large language models are not meant to say that these are machine learning and deep learning models which are trained on large data. That is huge amounts of data which is available on the internet. So, we will have a lot of popular examples of LLIMS. If we have heard about GPT, about the cloud, about the Jamini, about the Lamma, then these are all popular examples of LLIMS around us. Now, if I ask a genie model to tell me, is gold a good investment. So, what will the model do? On the basis of the training data, I will generate some answers. Those answers can be some historical facts and figures. Those answers can be some percentage of allocation suggestions. But basically, an answer will be generated by us. So, in the genie AI, the job ends when the content generation is complete. When the answer generation is complete. So, generally, the genie AI tools are reactive in nature. They are reactive in nature. We ask them some queries and they generate some content on the basis of the query. And the content ends there. With that, genie AI tools have low levels of autonomy. That is independent decision making. There are a lot of less and less systems in it. Plus, when we talk about LLIMS, LLIMS generally have a knowledge cut off date. Knowledge cut off date means that for training these LLIMS, for training models, for training data, for training data, the training data is given to the data. For example, for GPT-5, the knowledge cut off date is September 2024. So, the data after that is directly available to GPT-5. So, if I ask a normal genie AI tool, what is the price of gold today? The tool may not know because it has current data access. So, in our system, this query will answer the answer. When it has access to some additional tools, these tools could be APIs. Like a Gold data file, for financial API, to access to you, or search engines' access to you, then these additional tools' access to our system should be with you. That is why, whenever we use charge GPT or when we use Gemini, then whenever we have a link with us, searching on the web. That basically means that our LLIMS is a knowledge cut off date. And our genie AI model is accessing additional tools to answer our query. Now, if I ask a simple genie AI tool to perform some tasks for me, for example, we give it a task, that when a Gold price runs from 10,000 per gram, then we give it a confirmation email. So, the task in this way, we will not be able to do genie AI tools for us. Because to perform such tasks, we have to divide it into actions before genie AI tools. And to perform individual actions. How to do actions? Like, to monitor the price of the Gold, to execute an order, to give a confirmation email. So, the actions in this way, we cannot perform simple genie AI tools. So, there are a lot of things, which are lacking in genie tools, wanting and this is the ability, when we add genie AI, then now we are talking about agentic AI and AI agents. And we talk about top three properties. Basically, as compared to generative AI, which are the systems of our agentic AI. First of all, they have a higher level of autonomy. So, they are able to take independent decisions. And with that, they have the ability to perform some actions. Plus, they also have access to some external and internal tools. So, with these abilities, we create our AI agents. So, generative AI is reactive, whereas agentic AI is proactive, which is our AI agents. Now, with some level of autonomy, they can plan, they can execute different actions with the help of some additional tools. And, with the help of generative AI, we have LLMs. And, with the help of the AI, we have our LLMs, which are the brain behind the operation. And, we also try to understand the difference between AI agents and agentic AI. So, for this, we will take an example of a very simple analogy. In some of our tech teams, we have a lot of specialized engineers. We have a friend and an engineer. We have a back-end engineer. We have a DevOps engineer. And, above all these, our project managers, who collaborate with the entire team and achieve a particular goal. Similarly, our AI agents and agentic AI work. Basically, AI agents are light or specialized engineers. A particular AI agent is to complete a particular task. So, in this way, agentic AI has multiple AI agents. And, agentic AI, when we talk about it, that is the entire system, which manages all AI agents to achieve some eventual goal. So, AI agents are individual agents, which perform some specific task. For example, we are on Amazon or Flipkart's website. And, there, we can have a customer support AI agent. And, this customer support AI agent, if any customer asks, where is my package? So, first of all, we have this AI agent, which has already been accessed, so, it knows who the customer is, what package they are talking about. So, what can this agent do? Directly go to the website, its shipping system, its delivery system. The status of that package will be taken, it can verify the status of the package itself. And, then, it is going to give us a reply as the customer. So, what this agent did? Many different actions, performed many different steps. So, first of all, our AI agent has the ability to perform different actions. Also, it is also using some additional tools, like, this customer support AI agent, our company, its delivery system, its shipping system, its database will be accessed. So, all of these are tools, like AI agents are accessing. And, also, it performs the actions with some level of autonomy and that to automatically. So, in the JN AI tools, we have to tell all the steps, in the JN AI, that we have to use all the steps. But, here, when we use AI agents, we have to tell all the steps, that we have to tell all the steps. We have already performed some tasks for AI agents. And, that, we have to decide the steps, to actually perform that particular task. So, there are multiple popular tools in the industry, that we can use to create these AI agents, which include tools like N8N, or Open AI Codex, and many more like these. And, now, comes the agent AI. Now, when we talked about AI agents, they are individual agents, which are task focused. But, when we talk about the agent AI, these are systems, these are architectures, which are goal focused. When we talk about the task, the task is very small. Whereas, when a goal is a very complex thing, which can be divided into multiple tasks. So, when we talk about the agent AI agents, these are systems, which help us achieve a particular goal. This goal could be anything, just like, for example, we built the agent AI system, and we give it a particular goal. I have a budget of 5 lakh rupees, help me invest in gold, when the conditions are favorable. So, this is a goal, which we will give our system. Now, what will the system do? What will the system do? What will the goal of this particular goal divide into multiple steps? What steps can we think of? Can we think of any steps? As soon as we can, we have to monitor the content of the content. Second step is, we have to set a particular limit to the goal of a particular goal. In one time, we have to invest in the same goal. Or, our portfolio has to be invested in the same size. So, in this way, we have to keep the strategy. Along with that, we have to actually execute the purchase order. Now, these different steps are to achieve this goal. In the AI system, we can use multiple agents to achieve these separate tasks. Like, we have a market monitoring agent which is able to monitor the work and recognize when the market is going down. When the market is going down. The next agent is a financial advisor agent. The one that will advise that if we have to invest in a single time if we have to invest in the same budget, then we have to invest in the same amount of money or in the same amount of money. And we could also have an execution agent. Which we will ask for confirmation. Then, we will place the purchase order. And we will be notified by the last one. We will also have an email and via some message. So, in this way, multiple steps are involved in the AI. So, in the AI, we can also have single agents. We can also have multiple agents, which collaborate with each other. And eventually, all of this happens to achieve some complex goal with minimal human intervention. Plus, in the AI, there is multi-step reasoning and multi-step processing. Which means, the system has a complex goal to make a smaller, manageable task and divide it into our agents. Now, for the AI systems to build an agent, there are a lot of popular agent AI frameworks, which includes Microsoft, AutoGen, Crew AI, Agno, LangGraph, and many more frameworks like this. So, now in conclusion, we can see all of these terms as evolutions in the field of AI. So, before, we have AI, then generative AI, then AI agents, and finally, agent AI. Now, even though in the field of AI, there is a particular fixed definition. It is different terms. But, in this way, we can remember that when we go towards the agentic AI, then the tasks we perform with our AI systems, the complexity of that task, increases. So, we have simple AI systems. Then we have simple generative AI systems. Then we have simple AI agents. And finally, we have agentic AI systems, which are more complicated, than sophisticated tasks, to achieve goals. So, I hope that today's session, we will understand clearly, what are the exact differences between generative AI, agentic AI, and AI agents. Now, if we take the AI related to our data, then you can let me know in the comments. Today, we will meet in a session, till then keep learning, and keep exploring.